[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Indiana Jones movies
popularized the idea of magical
objects hidden in secret
areas of the world.
The search for the Ark of the
Covenant or the Holy Grail
are two clear examples.
However, there are other
relics of power unknown to us.
One of these mysteries
is found in America.
I'm referring to the
enigma of solar discs.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
Welcome aboard
"The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
A world, according to alleged
extraterrestrial messages,
is a mutation process,
a gradual process,
which leads us to a higher
reality, an energy context
unknown to the human species.
And, apparently,
there are objects
of power capable of interacting
with that vital field of light
of the Earth.
I'm talking about a mystery
that we know as the solar discs.
You will recall that in the
episode about the enigma
of the underground
world, I referred
to a face-to-face encounter
that I had with a personage
with Asian traits, who
emerged from the Amazon
rainforest of Peru
in 1996 when I
was on an expedition
in search for Paititi,
the lost city of the Incas.
This man, who introduced
himself with the name of Alcir,
claimed to be part of an
underground society that,
according to his information a
long time ago, for centuries,
had been living in silence
somewhere on the Pantiacolla
plateau.
It is a very special region
of the Manu National Park
in the southeastern
area of Peru,
a magical jungle that,
according to local natives,
the Machiguengas, hides
archaeological mysteries
and something more than
simply alleged pyramids
covered by vegetation.
According to some of these
natives, with whom I've
been able to share and interact
throughout these expeditions,
there is a group of
beings, people like us,
with other knowledge that are
part of unknown cultures, which
are hidden somewhere secret,
an underground sanctuary,
and that the Andean legends
called them the Paco
Pacuris or the First Guardians.
Probably, these
legends are related
to that wonderful experience
that I had September 5,
1996 at the mythical wall
of Pusharo, that rock
with wonderful
symbols that reminds
the Machiguengas
of that connection
with other realities, because
they claim that that wall is
a portal, a extrasensory
connection with the enigma
of Paititi.
They say that through
this rock, they
can connect with that secret.
At least the elders of
the Machiguenga community
remember it in that way.
Some have even mentioned that
hands have come out of the rock
itself, like some ghostly
ethereal hands, not physical.
And they tried to embrace
them and take them
inside the Pusharo
wall, stories that
seem to have been taken
out of science fiction
but do not surprise us.
Since these types
of places function
as portals that are activated
by unknown mechanisms, perhaps
activated by that
underground society related
to the legend of the
white brotherhood,
which we already mentioned,
the brotherhood of light
or the brotherhood
of the inner shrines
represents that collective
of masters, descendants
of missing cultures
that are protecting
their inner sanctuaries,
the real history of humanity
that, at some point, they
will reveal to the world.
Is it perhaps on
metallic plates,
like those allegedly
found by Juan Móricz
in the Cave of the
Tayos, which may also
be found in Mount
Shasta, as Brown
observed in one of his
alleged expeditions
into the inner world of
this California volcano.
Is this the same that we
might find in Paititi?
Beyond the lost
city of the Incas,
we would be referring to,
according to Alcir's account,
an underground kingdom.
And if you pay attention
to these images
of the wall of Pusharo, you
will see some small faces there,
the heart-shaped faces that
some mystics interpreted
as a representation
of a human heart
with faces, which are
associated with inner contact.
But, actually, I think
it means something else.
These faces appear
in other places
than the jungles
of the Americas.
We can find them in Honduras.
We also find these
representations in Cuela,
even in Polynesia in Rapa Nui,
also known as Easter Island.
According to my
research, when speaking
with local native
guardians, those
faces represent the guardians of
the underground world, that is,
the Sunkies that I
talked about when
I referred to the mystery
of the Cave of the Tayos.
Wherever these faces are
found, whether on rock art
or in petroglyphs, there,
you will find tunnels leading
to an underground mystery.
The Sunkies are guardians
of the labyrinths.
But those who protect the halls
of records, I mean to say,
those inner temples where
information is hidden by this
underground brotherhood
are the [NON-ENGLISH],,
a term used by Alcir to
self-define as a guardian
of information.
And in that contact, Alcir
spoke to me of a tool of power,
a disc that appeared
to be golden,
a golden disc that was
once in Coricancha,
the golden temple of Cusco.
But with the Spanish conquest,
the disc was taken to Paititi
and, today, is in custody
of this alleged underground
brotherhood.
So from that experience
at the wall of Pusharo,
with this strange man who
momentarily and unexpectedly
interrupted our
expedition, I began
to study in greater depth what
the meaning of this mystery
of the solar disc is.
And I discovered
something extraordinary.
The Incan solar disc,
according to Andean tradition,
summarized ancestral
worship that
predates any estimated period
surrounding the Tawantinsuyu
empire.
Tawa means four;
inti, the midday sun;
and suyu, region, that
is, the four regions
of the great solar empire.
This disc was venerated in the
golden temple of Coricancha
or Inticancha, the
place of the sun.
Beyond having been the center
of some kind of religious cult,
that tool encompassed
a supernatural power,
which the Spaniards
had no knowledge of.
They were only
interested in gold.
And, in fact, as
the story goes, they
looted everything that they
found in Coricancha, eventually
melting the
beautiful gold pieces
to be carried off to Europe
as part of their plunders.
Some authors have
speculated that this
was the final destination
of the solar disc.
However, there are
other versions.
Historians report
that the solar disc,
as a representation of Punchao,
the Incas' beloved sun,
was found on the main
facade of the Coricancha
until Francisco Pizarro and his
conquerors entered the temple,
included among
the abundant loot.
It is said that Mancio
Sierra de Leguizamo's share
was the immense gold disc.
As the story goes, the
Spaniards used it as a game.
And it is said that that
soldier, a chronic gambler,
lost it that same night
on a bet, the disc,
in the center of
unspeakable drunkenness.
From there, the disc's
whereabouts are unknown.
Some stories record, as I
said, that it was melted down,
while others maintained
that the disc
lays on the ocean floor inside
the sunken Spanish galleon that
attempted to transport
it to Europe.
But there is another
version that interests us,
which is confirmed by
the masters of the Andes,
by the Andean
esoteric tradition.
This version ensures that the
disc found by the Spaniards
was just a gold replica, and
that the original disc was
secretly taken to a safe place.
The mission was carried
out by the legendary Choque
Auqui, the golden prince.
He managed to outwit the Spanish
guard, thanks to a tunnel
connecting Coricancha to
the temple of Sacsayhuamán,
the temple of lightning, on the
mount of the falcons, which,
with a great view, currently
towers over the city of Cusco.
And from there, through other
tunnels and secret paths,
he made his way to the jungle.
Choque Auqui, brother
of Inca Atahualpa,
was a warrior and a solar
initiate of the sun.
He knew how to interpret what
the arrival of the Spaniards
really meant.
This is how he planned
the mission of Antisuyu,
where the sun rises, the
southeastern jungle of Peru
through a secret route
to provide safekeeping
for the golden disc and
not only the golden disc,
but also other relics of
the empire of the Incas.
It is said that he
did not leave alone.
He was accompanied by
several amauta masters,
by information archivists,
quipucamayocs, willaq priests,
virgins of the sun, acllas,
and also the nobles,
or orejones, and some warriors.
There is a wonderful
story that says
that priests with great
supernatural power who
could control the elements
guarded Choque Auqui's
expedition to prevent the
Spaniards from cutting them
off.
They are known in Peruvian
esoteric tradition
as altomesayoc.
They are known in Peruvian
esoteric tradition
as the altomesayoc.
It is a word that is also
comprised of Spanish because it
represents height, mass, or
prayer and yoc, which means
sent, that is, the envoys or
priests sent from the heights.
It is what is currently called
the community of Q'ero shamans
in Paucartambo.
I've had the opportunity
to live with Q'ero
natives, legitimate
descendants of the Incas.
And on my expeditions,
they narrated to me
that, in fact, Paititi
exists, and that they call it
the secret name of Qoañachoai.
And that their ancestors caused
avalanches with their alleged
psychic powers rains and
storms to prevent the Spaniards
from pursuing Choque Auqui.
In short, the golden prince
founded the city of Paititi
in the jungle, according
to this information,
arising as the new
clandestine Inca.
All of this happened in 1533.
Now, according to
our investigations,
Choque Auqui did not
actually go to the jungle
to build a shelter
in which to store
the treasures of the empire.
Instead, he sought the
safety of the sanctuary
of their invisible masters, the
Paco Pacuris, who we already
mentioned.
Are beings, like
Alcir, with whom
I had the experience in
1996, by any chance, part
of these legendary hidden
masters of the Incas?
That story, which protects
the underground brotherhood,
is obviously not the
story that we know.
We humans have a general
idea of our history
based on anthropological,
ethnic, archaeological,
studies, et cetera
that have allowed
us to put together a map.
But we have many
gaps, especially
from even more ancient times.
For our history,
civilization, as we know it,
originated approximately
Paititi years ago
in Sumer in Mesopotamia.
But according to
these beings, there
were other civilizations
before the Great Flood,
before the last
great destruction.
And we'd lost all
the information
about what that was.
That is, those annals of the
true history of humanity,
in general, speak of
other cultures that
disappeared cyclically, of other
civilizations that we consider
mythological,
legendary, impossible.
And only when we are ready,
and I mean current humanity,
will we have access
to that information?
We cannot possess it at this
time, because we do not have,
according to them, a sufficient
level of consciousness to merit
such a great revelation.
Otherwise, what would
we do with the knowledge
that could transform us
into a cosmic society?
The ancients, according to
them, also made mistakes.
They discovered wonderful
manifestations of energy.
They applied them, in
fact, to technology.
But then all that
turned against them.
And they self-destructed, or
they generated an imbalance
with the planet.
And it was nature, I might add,
that sank them into the oceans.
They don't want that
to happen again.
Therefore, they patiently
and discreetly guard
this information, the annals
of the true cosmic history
of the Earth.
The solar disc, therefore,
was an instrument
of power for ancient and unknown
civilizations that, for a time,
was in the hands of the Incas.
Currently, it would be with
its legitimate custodians
in the underground sanctuary
that Alcir referred to, found
in the jungles of Paititi.
As a curious fact, I
will say that at present,
the city of Cusco uses an
image of the solar disc
as their emblem,
although not all
are aware of the real
meaning of that symbol.
The little that they know
is that the current design
of the Cusco coat
of arms resembles
a description of
the solar disc that
was on a gold plate in the
Poquencancha, the Cusco art
gallery where the history
of the Incas was recorded.
On the original
solar disc, there
is a small representation
of pre-Hispanic origin
that ended up at the
American Indian museum
in the capital city,
Washington, DC.
After an endless number of
formalities and requests,
a very long story to tell,
finally, the American museum
consented to return the piece
to the Peruvian government
in 2021, very recently.
Now, what's the cosmic
story behind all of this?
I warn you that the
information I'm about to share,
for some will seem
impossible, even irrational.
However, if true, everything
we received in our contact
experiences, which
we try to confirm
through our
investigations, we would
be facing an extraordinary
powerful revelation.
In an ancient era,
humans on the Earth
developed interdimensional
capabilities,
which they were able to
embody into impossible objects
of power.
We have already mentioned
in "The Arc of Time"
the setting where this
story takes place--
Lemuria, the ancient
cradle of the human race,
that lost world which is located
between the southern coast
of East Africa and Madagascar
in the present day Indian Ocean.
There, in some distant time,
a giant gold disc was built,
an alloy with other
materials and vibrations,
frequencies to bind the Earth
to the matrix of the multiverse.
But that disc, according to
extraterrestrial messages,
had to be deactivated since
it had been transformed
into a dangerous experiment
by our ancestors who
were interacting with
various realities.
To deactivate it, it had to be
separated into 12 parts, which
were hidden across the world.
These 12 parts, over
time, would be transformed
into 12 secondary discs
about 10 feet in diameter,
which would be
magnetically assembled
by making disc number 13
the great solar disc that
is currently in Paititi.
As if it were of a prophecy,
according to this information,
the 13th disc will be placed in
places of power in the Americas
and Antarctica to help
the planet balance
its magnetic transformation
toward the future.
This process, according
to these messages,
has been increasing in
strength since 2012,
as we already analyzed
in another episode,
the end of the 13th baktun
of the Mayan calendar
and the beginning of the
symbolic 14th baktun,
the 144,000-day cycle or
400 years of transformation.
But why is the current
location of the discs
concentrated in the Americas?
The initiates from the
east know very well
that the energy of the Americas
is more active than anywhere
else in the world.
It's what some mystics
call the transfer
of the Kundalini of the Earth.
Kundalini, the backbone of
energy, which, in other times,
had its base in the
Himalayas and today
allegedly thrives in the Andes.
Because of this,
the solar discs will
have been placed in this
region of the world following
a strategy of energy.
The plan is related
to the activity
of the so-called
Pacific Ring of Fire,
in which is concentrated an
overwhelming 90% of the world's
earthquakes.
According to the messages
from the extraterrestrials,
the sector that
corresponds to the Americas
will have a lot of
energy downloads
in the medium term with the
Nazca Plate and South America
on center stage.
In addition, as if all
this were not enough,
this network of
solar discs is also
connected to the changes in
the terrestrial magnetosphere.
That's not something
to be taken lightly.
If the Earth keeps losing
its magnetic field,
we could live in a
magnetic inversion
with all the consequences
that this implies.
Consequently, NASA
began to become aware
of this when their spacecraft
experienced countless anomalies
over the skies of South America
because the magnetosphere had
a localized weakness.
Scientists called
this phenomenon
the anomaly of the
South Atlantic,
the same area in which the
majority of the solar discs
are found.
Coincidence?
I doubt it.
The South Atlantic
Anomaly is a region
where the Van Allen radiation
belts are just a mere 124
miles from the Earth's surface.
Scientists assumed that
this localized depression
in the Earth's magnetic
field is a side
effect of a possible
geomagnetic reversal.
In addition, we must not forget
that the South Atlantic Anomaly
is of great importance for
satellites and other spacecraft
orbiting at 100 of
miles of altitude,
with orbital inclinations
of 35 and 60 degrees,
since these orbits
periodically take
these satellites
through the anomaly,
exposing them to strong
radiation for several minutes.
In fact, you will remember
the International Space
Station required special
armor to address this problem.
What the official media omits is
that this phenomenon could also
influence the climate balance,
even in biological life,
and the behavior
of human beings,
because we are magnetic
creatures made up of energy.
And here I wonder, would it
be possible for solar discs
to express a magnetic assistance
to deal with these anomalies?
We don't know.
Of course, it's very
difficult to corroborate.
From what these beings
indicate and their contact
with different
groups in the world,
trips were made to the places
where these discs are, places
that coincide with contact
areas, such as Mount Shasta,
the Valley of the
Seven Luminaries,
Roraima, the Cave of the Tayos,
Lake Titicaca, Talampaya,
or the Atacama Desert,
the Licancabur volcano,
to be precise, plus another
disc that was already
moved outside the Americas
and located on the Antarctic
Peninsula.
All these trips and
expeditions sought
to verify the information.
And on those journeys,
extraordinary phenomena
occurred, sightings, paranormal
manifestations, new messages,
even certain seismic activity in
the area when these expeditions
were carried out.
Of course, no one
physically saw these discs.
There is no current
archaeological finding.
However, we could perceive
through nonphysical experiences
that these discs
are located there.
And everything went along
with these experiences
that I'm describing.
What was the goal?
In those years, that
travel so long ago,
we were attempting to connect
through these tools so they
could reactivate and, as
if they had their own life,
awaken and maintain
a flow of energy,
which the extraterrestrials
call the network of time.
When we shared this
information, great interest
was generated in the subject.
I must say that I was the
one who originally received
this information on the
solar discs in a contact
experience in Peru
back in 2001, that is,
more than 20 years ago.
And this information that the
extraterrestrials transmitted
has become very popular
among different contact
groups and many spiritual
circles and mystery seekers.
I think it's important to
clarify that it has never
been my intention to promote
a search for these discs,
to seek out experiences in the
places where they might be.
As I said, the expeditions
to these points
were already carried
out with a lot of effort
on our part to try to
understand the enigma,
but not to promote an irrational
chain of trips to those places.
I have seen that travel
agencies have even popped up
to promote events
in places where
solar discs are to be found.
Actually, we made these trips
to verify the UFO activity
in the area and to try to
confirm the phenomena that
are recorded there.
It must be clear that a search
must be based on research.
But you should not
orient yourself only
by external factors.
Places of contact,
I have always said,
are just mirrors that
show us who we really are.
And when we
investigated this issue
of solar discs and
their connection
to the process of the energetic
mutation of the Earth,
I remembered how
the Spanish conquest
tried to take possession of
the gold or any relic of power
that, for them,
could be important,
not because of its
spiritual significance,
but to eliminate idolatry.
This would take us
back to the times
of the search for the
Lance of Longinus, the Holy
Grail, the Ark of the
Covenant, which, by the way,
as with the solar disc,
several copies were also made
to outwit treasure hunters.
The message of the solar discs
is not one of treasure hunting
or hypothetical tools of power.
It is simply
understanding that there
is a mechanism that is
supernatural, wonderful,
coordinated by nonhuman
entities to silently help
the planet on its way to a
higher sphere of consciousness.
But this does not
guarantee or replace
anything, because it is the
inner sun that should shine
first before these solar discs.
From an archaeological
point of view,
it is very difficult to
verify this information.
But I consider that the energy
emanated from these discs
is something much more important
than the physical search
for them.
In the contact experience,
we were transmitted a series
of codes, vibrations of
tonal frequency, so to speak,
which, when evoked
like a mantra,
allowed people to
connect to this force.
With this frequency,
a contact technique,
a connection that the
extraterrestrials themselves
suggested in their
communications
that is known as the
mantra of the solar discs.
Beyond any belief
or interpretation
of these techniques, the
mantra has become well-known.
And thousands of people use
it in their concentration
and meditation practices.
They have even generated
extraordinary experiences just
through meditation
with this sound,
with this frequency which
we are hearing right now.
[MINTAKA PLAYING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
>> Nevertheless, this is a
message that I know will reach
those who want to hear it.
Now it is time, as
the Andean shamans
would say, to make our inner
inti shine, our inner sun,
to transform ourselves
into suns on Earth.
That is the best way to face
the world's future trials.
In our next episode,
we will travel
to contact beings of pure
light, who perhaps remind us
that we are also being of
light, of energy, suns on Earth.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
And you are on board
"The Arc of Time."
[MUSIC PLAYING]